# Multiyear hourly arithmetic

This module performs simple arithmetic of a time series and one timestep
with the same hour and day of year. For each field in infile1 the
corresponding field of the timestep in infile2 with the same hour and
day of year is used. The input files need to have the same structure
with the same variables. Usually infile2 is generated by an operator of
the module YHOURSTAT.

## Usage

``` r
cdo_yhouradd(ifile1, ifile2, ofile = NULL)

cdo_yhourdiv(ifile1, ifile2, ofile = NULL)

cdo_yhourmul(ifile1, ifile2, ofile = NULL)

cdo_yhoursub(ifile1, ifile2, ofile = NULL)
```

## Arguments

- ifile1, ifile2:

  Strings with the path to the input files.

- ofile:

  String with the path to the output file.

## Value

Operators that output one or more files return a character vector to the
output files.

Operators that output an indefinite number of files return a string with
the basename of the files.

Operators that don't return filenames return a character vector with the
string output.

## Details

    yhouradd  Add multi-year hourly time series
              Adds a time series and a multi-year hourly time series.
    yhoursub  Subtract multi-year hourly time series
              Subtracts a time series and a multi-year hourly time series.
    yhourmul  Multiply multi-year hourly time series
              Multiplies a time series and a multi-year hourly time series.
    yhourdiv  Divide multi-year hourly time series
              Divides a time series and a multi-year hourly time series.
